He will kill you
Little brother, you still have some strength
However, the Sword Emperor's treasure is related to the inheritance of the Sword Emperor
Who got it?
You can become the Sword Emperor of Shushan a thousand years ago
Shushan Sword Qi two sects fought for thousands of years
Just to build the emperor's treasure
There should be an end today
I, Zhao Linglong, vow to unify Shushan
Those who refuse to accept the sword sect die
Do you want little brother?
Want it from me?
Don't blame my sister.
Force you to bow down
Remember you shut me down
Please close Guan Yu
Shushan sword qi battle today
There should be an end
I am the new Lord of Shushan
Jianzong Tang Yunshan abandoned the darkness and turned to the light to submit to the Sacrifice Sect
Sect Master Linglu
Jianzong Chuanlong Qi, I am Wanfu